(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Much as he can be a friend.
He's a tough man.
Smart man, actually.
Very smart.
The press doesn't like it when I call
him very smart, you know.
They think I'm not supposed to call him
smart, but at least 1.4 billion people
without question.
In fact, during the meeting we were there,
a couple of you were there, and some
of you saw it.
So he's here, and he's got about six
people on each side, and every one of
those people was standing like this.
They weren't attached.
And I made a comment to one of
them, and he got no response.
I said, are you going to answer me?
I got no response.
And President Xi didn't let him have any.
So, if there's any question, I said, I
want my cabinet to behave like that.
I'm demanding that my cabinet, I want them
sitting up like that, Tim, just nice and
straight.
I've never seen posture like that.
I've never seen men so scared in their
lives.
They have the equivalent of a vice president.
I said, are you going to answer my
question?
And he's like, he doesn't move.
I said, what's wrong with this guy?
Oh, I will answer all questions.
Why don't you behave like that?
J.D. doesn't behave like that.
J.D. buds into conversations.
I want to have that for at least
a couple of days, okay, J.D.? We'll
keep you long-term, but a couple of
days.
A couple of days of that would be
very, very nice.
Okay, I want to thank you, and we'll
talk.